1. What will the name of your app be?

2. What is the purpose be of your app?

3. Who are the target audience of your app?

4. What domain would you place your app in? 
	(a) Social Networking	(b)Entertainment	(c)Educational 
	(d) Finance				(e)Informational

5. Will there be a back-end logic to your app. If yes, can you state why?

6. What do you favour more? Performance or Attractiveness?

7. When is the expected deadline for the completrion of the app

8. It is highly recommended to attach references or drafts of how you would like the app to work or look.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

My services are provided as is.The fees are for developing the product only, not for maintaining it.
However, I will provide one-year of bug-fix service in order to ensure the stability and quality of the product.
I will not be held accountable for any direct or indirect damage the product does to anyone or property in the future.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

UI: The UI also called the User Interface, is the part of your app the user can directly interact with. It is usually the visible aspect of ur app. The menus, toolbars, buttons, sliders, etc. This part of the app needs creative focus and effort as it contributes majorly to user's perception of your app.

UX: UX (User Experience) is the perception users build towards your app through usage. A good UX design makes the user's experience of an app smooth, intuitive, coherent and pleasant.

Front-end: The front-end is the programmed logic that makes the UI part of an app possible. It usually deals with the visible constructs of your app. What happens when a user tap a button; how the icons on a page are arranged, etc. The front-end logic resides in the end-user's phone or PC because it needs to be rapidly accessible any time the app is started.

Back-end: The back-end is the logic behind the processing of certain user inputs that do not reside on the end-user's device. These inputs are sent to web servers for back-end programs to process and give corresponding otput. An example of app domains that need back-end logic is social networking apps. These apps transfers user messages and status updates to a central server over the internet where back-end programs operate on them and relay appropriate contents to other users.
Back-end development is usually more expensive than front-end development.