Discussions With Larry Okeke
#16/09/16
- When ur disposed, pls ruminate out loud on these questions
- 1. What is reality?
- 2. Is it malleable?
I've always asked myself that question. I remember when I was a bit younger. I would like to imagine that reality was created for me, and that I was somehow special. My mind couldn't cope with the concept of tragedy (just like young Bhudda). I wanted to believe I was invulnerable. I couldn't accept the fact that I could die at any time and probably in a very gruesome way. Before, I had clinged on the stories the Bible provided to give me comfort and somehow protect me from the tragedies happening around the world.
I grew up to quickly realise that religions are just another way of not accepting reality.
Science made more sense. It is empirical and provides room for possible flaws, so I followed science.

I get perplexed whenever I think about what reality is made up of. I always end up accepting that my mind can't simply fathom it. What made this reality? And what caused that to also exist?... It becomes an endlessly recursive question.
Logic is unable to answer that question, so religions came in to fill in the gap with stories.
Everything we perceive is perceived relative to another thing. So we do not really have a concrete answer as to what reality is, except that we somehow exist in it and can perceive it.

Sometimes I try to look at reality from a moral perspective. Why is there the notion of good and bad? I concluded that the idea of good or bad is a concept that closely associates with pain and distress. There is no universal moral compass that demands one to be good. No one likes pain, if you don't want it, you don't cause it on another person. It's logical. Religion is not required in order to understand that. In fact, good and bad is probably something only we humans understand. It is not necessarily perceived the same way by other entities.

As for whether reality is malleable. I can't say. I've read about UFOs, Illuminati, Mandela's effect, Alternate Reality. etc. Even though, the Mandela Effect caught my attention, I cannot say if reality is malleable or not, but if there exist entities that understand it more than we do, they may as well find a way to manipulate it.


#17/09/16
- So... What s life like for you?  What do you do...etc?
I'm an enthusiastic computer programmer that believes so much in entrepreneurship and self-employment.
I'm a super logical dude, or at least that's how my brain works. And I simply can't accept things as fact unless there are plausible reasons to do so, therefore, I love doing research just to fill the knowledge gap I momentarily have.
I have aspirations in life just like many other folks and also the challenges that come with it. One being my mum forcing me to go to church and she not coming to terms with my belief system. She still thinks her religion and her god is the right one, even though I keep telling her there are thousands of others across the globe. I totally understand why she feels that way, but still it gets in the way of our conversations and stuff.
My dad is not with us, so I hardly care about his belief.
My life is pretty simple. I stay mostly indoors and work on projects I hope will become successful.
